c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\NETOCR.dll
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\NETOCR.pdb
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\obj\Debug\NETOCR.dll
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\obj\Debug\NETOCR.pdb
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Imaging.dll
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Imaging.Formats.dll
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Imaging.IPPrototyper.dll
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.MachineLearning.dll
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Math.dll
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Neuro.dll
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Robotics.Lego.dll
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.dll
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Robotics.TeRK.dll
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Video.dll
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.dll
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Genetic.dll
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Imaging.xml
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Imaging.Formats.xml
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.MachineLearning.xml
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Math.xml
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Neuro.xml
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Robotics.Lego.xml
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Robotics.Surveyor.xml
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Robotics.TeRK.xml
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Video.xml
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.xml
c:\users\adas_przenosny\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Genetic.xml
C:\Users\adas_przenosny\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Controls.dll
C:\Users\adas_przenosny\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.DebuggerVisualizers (2010).dll
C:\Users\adas_przenosny\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Controls.xml
C:\Users\adas_przenosny\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\NETOCR\NETOCR\obj\Debug\NETOCR.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\NETOCR.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\NETOCR.pdb
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Controls.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Imaging.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Imaging.Formats.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Imaging.IPPrototyper.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\Emgu.CV.DebuggerVisualizers.VS2010.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\Emgu.CV.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\Emgu.CV.OCR.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\Emgu.CV.UI.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\Emgu.Util.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Video.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Math.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\ZedGraph.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.xml
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Controls.xml
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Imaging.xml
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Imaging.Formats.xml
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\Emgu.CV.xml
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\Emgu.CV.OCR.xml
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\Emgu.Util.xml
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Video.xml
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Math.xml
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\obj\Debug\NETOCR.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\obj\Debug\NETOCR.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\obj\Debug\NETOCR.pdb
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\tessdata\eng.cube.bigrams
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\tessdata\eng.cube.fold
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\tessdata\eng.cube.lm
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\tessdata\eng.cube.nn
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\tessdata\eng.cube.params
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\tessdata\eng.cube.size
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\tessdata\eng.cube.word-freq
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\tessdata\eng.tesseract_cube.nn
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\tessdata\eng.traineddata
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\cublas32_42_9.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\cudart32_42_9.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\cufft32_42_9.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\cvextern.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\npp32_42_9.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\opencv_calib3d242.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\opencv_contrib242.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\opencv_core242.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\opencv_features2d242.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\opencv_ffmpeg242.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\opencv_flann242.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\opencv_gpu242.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\opencv_highgui242.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\opencv_imgproc242.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\opencv_legacy242.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\opencv_ml242.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\opencv_nonfree242.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\opencv_objdetect242.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\opencv_photo242.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\opencv_stitching242.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\opencv_video242.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\opencv_videostab242.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\bin\FreeTextBox.dll
D:\NETOCR\NETOCR\obj\Debug\NETOCR.dll.licenses
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\obj\Debug\NETOCR.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\cublas32_42_9.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\cudart32_42_9.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\cufft32_42_9.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\cvextern.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\npp32_42_9.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\opencv_calib3d242.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\opencv_contrib242.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\opencv_core242.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\opencv_features2d242.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\opencv_ffmpeg242.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\opencv_flann242.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\opencv_gpu242.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\opencv_highgui242.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\opencv_imgproc242.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\opencv_legacy242.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\opencv_ml242.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\opencv_nonfree242.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\opencv_objdetect242.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\opencv_photo242.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\opencv_stitching242.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\opencv_video242.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\opencv_videostab242.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\tessdata\eng.cube.bigrams
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\tessdata\eng.cube.fold
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\tessdata\eng.cube.lm
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\tessdata\eng.cube.nn
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\tessdata\eng.cube.params
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\tessdata\eng.cube.size
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\tessdata\eng.cube.word-freq
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\tessdata\eng.tesseract_cube.nn
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\tessdata\eng.traineddata
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\NETOCR.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\NETOCR.pdb
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Controls.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\AForge.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Imaging.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Imaging.Formats.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Imaging.IPPrototyper.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\FreeTextBox.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Video.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Math.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\AForge.xml
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Controls.xml
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Imaging.xml
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Imaging.Formats.xml
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\Emgu.CV.xml
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\Emgu.CV.OCR.xml
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\Emgu.CV.UI.xml
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\Emgu.Util.xml
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Video.xml
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\bin\AForge.Math.xml
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\obj\Debug\NETOCR.dll.licenses
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\obj\Debug\NETOCR.dll
G:\GitHub\mmnote\MakeMyNote\NETOCR\obj\Debug\NETOCR.pdb
